From Angular user registrates himself. For that the user management service is called. User management service creates the user in user table with role as user. Then the user can login with his credentials and get the jwt token from the user management service. With that token user can access all the services,view them , search and filter them. When a user wants to book a service, the booking management service is called. From there it will initiate a payment and if the payment is completed then the booking details is added to the bookings table with status as not verified. When the service provider accepts the order then the status is changed to ongoing and when the service is done the order status is changed to completed. If the service provider declines the order then the money is refunded to the user. When the service provider marks an order as completed it will send a notfication to the user to confirm the status. The user also needs to confirm the order status. When the user also confirms it the payment to the service provider will be initiated. The platform commision is deducted from the order amount and the rest of the money is sent to the service provider. When the order status is updated to completed the user will recieve one notification to review and provide a rating to the service provider. It will add a rating to the ratings table in bookings management service with the corresponding booking id and user id.

For the service provider when registers he needs to give the govt id number and the admin will decide whether or not to approve the registration request of that service provider. This is done through the user management service . When the admin disapproves the request an email is sent to the service provider with the message. If the admin approves the request the service provider the service provider needs to login to the user management service and complete his profile. The profile creation will invoke the service provider management service where the service providers profile will be stored. After logging in he can create services which are stored in the service provider management service. When a user orders a service the service provider recieves the order and he can mark it as accepted then it will invoke the booking management service changes the order status to ongoing. When the order status is changed he can view the location to arrive and use google maps api to reach that location. When the service is done service provider marks it as completed and it will change the booking status to completed if the user also confirms it. Then the service provider will recieve the money. 

So in total the microservices in the system are,
1. User management Service
2. Booking management service
3. Service Provider management service
4. Api Gateway
5. Eureka Registry service

Api gateway will map the requests to the corresponding services.
Eureka registry will register all services.
